# Sweetwater++
  
* **Status**: Scope confirmed, specs not finalised
* **Overview**: An iteration on top of [💧 Sweetwater](./2.5-Sweetwater.md)
* **Result**: A little further along the Oregon Trail
* **Project board**: [💦 Sweetwater++](https://github.com/orgs/vegaprotocol/projects/93)
* **Date**: ?

## Core
### Features
| Priority | Feature | Because | Owner | Sub-Function |
|:---------:|---------|---------|:------:|:------:|
| **1** | [🔑 Master key / Hot key spec](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/specs-internal/blob/master/protocol/0063-validator-vega-master-keys.md) | We need a safety related feature specifically for validators | @davidsiska-vega | <ul><li>Core</li><li>UI-Dev</li></ul> |
| **2** | [🔑 HSM for ETH keys project](https://github.com/orgs/vegaprotocol/projects/91) no-spec? | Validators want to run a secure infrastructure | @core | <ul><li>Core</li><li>UI-Dev</li></ul> |
| **3** | [🎥 Snapshotting project](https://github.com/orgs/vegaprotocol/projects/90) spec [tbc](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/specs-internal/issues/699) | Limited Network Life is a stopgap - snapshots are a step towards validator set changes | @core | <ul><li>Core to spike/POC first</li><li>UI-Dev</li></ul> |
| **4** | [💼 Wallet project](https://github.com/orgs/vegaprotocol/projects/94) spec [tbc](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/specs-internal/pull/688)| Make the experience of running a wallet nicer for users | @barnabee | <ul><li>Core</li><li>UI-Dev</li></ul> |
| **5** | [🤑 Incentivised data-node project](https://github.com/orgs/vegaprotocol/projects/92) spec [tbc](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/specs-internal/pull/684) | Validators will run data nodes for now, but we want more than just validators running data nodes | @davidsiska-vega | <ul><li>Core</li><li>UI-Dev</li></ul> |
| **6** | [⚖ Settlement at Expiry project](https://github.com/orgs/vegaprotocol/projects/5) spec? | Starting the tooling for oracles and fully end-to-end testing so we are ready to start Oregon Trail | @davidsiska-vega | <ul><li>Core</li><li>UI-Dev</li></ul> |
| **7** | [🗳 Freeform governance proposals PR](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/specs-internal/pull/690/files) PR link to be changed to spec once merged! | We want to allow the community to also provide votes on proposals which don't change any of the behaviour of the currently running Vega blockchain | @davidsiska-vega | <ul><li>Core</li><li>UI-Dev</li></ul> | 
| **8** | [👮‍♂️ Testnet Limits PR](https://github.com/orgs/vegaprotocol/projects/44) PR link to be changed to spec once merged! | We want to make sure the community are protected during the early stages of trading on mainnet  | @barnabee | <ul><li>Smart Contracts</li><li>Devops</li><li>UI-Dev</li></ul> |
| **9** | [Auto distribute newly associated tokens spec](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/specs-internal/blob/master/protocol/0059-simple-staking-and-delegating.md) | We want to create a great UX around newly associated tokens | - | <ul><li>Core</li></ul> |
| **???** | [API clean up for testnet project](https://github.com/orgs/vegaprotocol/projects/98) | We decided this in an engineering retro, we also need to make testnet work again | @core | <ul><li>Devops</li><li>Core</li></ul> |
| **???** | [Rewrite ockerised Vega](tbc) no link | We decided this in an engineering retro DV has been hard to maintain and is slowing us down | @core | <ul><li>Devops</li><li>Core</li></ul> |
| **???** | [System-test backlog project](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/system-tests/projects/1) | QA need to catch up with the system tests not covered - ordered set for this milestone | @core | <ul><li>Core-QA</li><li>Devops</li></ul> |

